um
I I think that um and listen I don't
work at YC right I think if you're not
sure to do it
because the YC companies I've invested
in
it look YC is expensive it's a lot of
dilution for a little bit of capital
um when when the earlier waves pre YC
that did this back when I was starting
my career you see what they were founder
rip-offs okay I give a seven percent for
like one hour of a designer's time that
was like the biggest rip-off back in the
day
um but YC is not that white and listen
I'm not into Brands I don't know where
any founder I invest in went to college
but YC is Stanford Harvard MIT and
Caltech all rolled into one and even if
you don't learn a goddamn thing from the
program it all things being equal you
might as well go to Harvard or Stanford
or MIT right not that I care I don't
care
um uh and I went to Harvard and maybe
that's why I don't really respect it or
even ask for Founders I went to but it
doesn't hurt right and and VC is so
respected now look they're like 220
companies in this batch right they can't
all be the next Stripe Right there's got
to be a few a few that will struggle in
a few dogs so but but everyone's looking
for signals in this world there's too
many startups there's too many
opportunities too many companies to join
there's too many companies to fund and
the network at YC is powerful and
the first time I saw it I was I'm a
small investor in front which just
raised a 1.7 billion and I saw the power
to matild going through it I invested in
algoli which is here which is worth
three billion they were very seasoned
french entrepreneurs that raised a seed
before YC and gave up a lot to do YC and
they will all tell you it was worth it
to get them to the next level and then
later for example there's a company
called um treasury Prime which is a
banking as a service API invested in and
the best CTO I know in the world is the
CEO back in the day at echocard Adobe
Center offered him half my stock when we
were at 10 million to join me and half
million a year and I would take nothing
he's that good
okay and but he's a he's a romantic he
didn't join me we would both be
billionaires if he had but whatever
Chris if you're watching this dude I
love you but you should have taken the
offer I made 60 would have benefited
both of us anyhow so then he went and he
was a romantic and he did a search
company called great engineer hard
problem search or it didn't quite work
out he needed a job and I connected him
with a great YC founder who was building
a company called standard treasury
really early in banking like way too
early but they got bought by Silicon
Valley Bank he made a little bit of
money and anyhow so he'd done this he'd
done another startup that sold for 200
million where he was the CTO he'd had an
exit he was wicked smart and he wanted
to be a CEO this time and run the whole
show and he seasoned I mean he's not
he's not old but he's not young and he
had these wins and he could get VCS to
give him the money right but he didn't
have the whole thing and I said listen
just do YC this will this will create
that missing slice that you're lacking
this confidence this branding and he's
like I don't know I'm not the wrong guy
for YC I'm like hold on listen I've
never worked there I'm going to write
your script
and we practiced it
and immediately they they they you know
he got in and whatever 60 seconds it's
not that hard um he's like hi I'm
Christine I was co-founder of Merced
systems we required for 200 million
dollars then I was the CTO at another
company YC company the treasury
the first one standard treasury the
Silicon Valley Bank and it became the
core of their existing API now I'm
running the whole show myself I want to
reinvent how banking is done in the 22nd
century I mean you'd fund that wouldn't
you yeah pretty good yeah so
so and and I've tried to give that
advice again and then most recently
there's a there's another one like Chris
one of the best ctOS in my life right I
I will do anything for them that's
starting a company as a first time CTO
he's had a billion dollar exit another
exit Wicked smart and he didn't have a
lot he had a little trouble raising
money but it wasn't that hard right
because he's got in the grand scheme of
things and I told him to do I see
I said to him look you're going to raise
the money but you're you're missing the
slice and YC is not magic you know
watching a few things online and now we
can do it online and I love Gary tan I
love all these books I'm like it's not
so much but it's going to solve this
slice for you and he didn't do it and
I'm one thousand percent sure for him it
was a mistake
so if I had to distill it all down if
you think YC is not a good deal a
rip-off if you think you can raise the
money I'm sure there you know um uh
Parker from from um from uh from um
sorry I'm getting tired what's Parker's
second uh company Parker Conrad um
Rippling yeah Parker will tell you to do
it he did it again he didn't have to
lots of folks will tell it to you
um uh I say if you're like Parker maybe
don't like if you Parker's I mean it's
different but if you don't think there's
benefit at YC don't do it right if
you're if you're so far along you can
you just you just you you think it's a
cool brand but if you think there's a
chance it will add that slice that's the
advice I give it just do it so if you're
not it's a rambly answer but I think
with some good examples if you're not
sure I always tell Founders just do it
even if you have the revenue even if you
have if there's a missing slice like
just go to Harvard MIT in Stanford get
it done and it's it's worth it right
yeah thank you so much I think I need
that slice so okay then do it yeah do it
yeah
[Applause]